Deviation Analysis

The 4 given graphics show how the number of the rents per hour of the day, which is represented by "Count" variable, varies.
At first look, "count" variable contains lot of outlier data points.
However, with a close look, there are clear patterns to be found. 
With regards to the hour of the day, we can see that there are a lot of outliers during the night time. It might have to do with daily life cycle of the people. Most people do not ride a bike from one place to another during the night time, and even when they do, it is for excetional reasons in most cases. On the other hand, the median values are relatively higher at 7AM - 9AM and 4PM - 19PM. Outliers are less likely to be found during the time as well. It can be attributed to regular school and office users at that time. However, relatively wide deviation is to be seen during the day time, which might be influenced by different factors,which should be found to have more accurately predicting model for later. 
"Box Plot On Count Across Day Of The Week" shows that median values of the weekdays(0~4) are higher than the weekends(5,6) which should be influenced by pendlers. An interesting fact hereby is that under the weekdays, there are significantly more outliers and the deviation of the demand is larger. However,the deviation and the number of outliers of each workday are in similar level, which means that they might share the same factors for their deviation.
Looking at "Box Plot On Count Across Month Of The Year" we can clearly see that the demand is higher during the summer. In the winter, the demand is much lower and have more outliers. This tells us that there is a correalation between the demand and the weather.
There are interesting outliers in "Box Plot On Count Across Hour Of Day" and "Box Plot On Count Across Month Of The Year". We can see the outliers with about 1000 rents in 11PM and 12. Considering that they are on the same spot in each graph, we could assume that they are actually a single outlier which lies on 11PM in December. From that, we could assume that it might be around 11PM at 31.Dec. where many people are on their way to celebrate the new year with others.

